Add proposal for MCP developer guidelines (#254)
modelcontextprotocol/docs: development/contributing.mdx

All contributors must adhere to our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

For questions and discussions, please use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/modelcontextprotocol/discussions).

## MCP SDK Developer Guidelines

### Focus Areas

When building an MCP SDK, prioritize these three layers:

1. **Protocol Layer** - JSON-RPC message handling and transport
2. **API Layer** - Direct server/client interfaces with callbacks
3. **Ergonomic Layer** - Language-specific patterns and abstractions

### Minimum Requirements

For a functional MCP SDK:

> - Implement STDIO transport (HTTP+SSE optional but recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implement STDIO transport (the Streamable HTTP transport is optional but recommended)
```
